Seluruh listing oleh agen: Denise Zeng, mobile: (347) 440-6215 denise.zeng@corcoran.com


#1. Properti 1

111 Willoughby Street, 28D
MAXWELL, Downtown Brooklyn, Brooklyn, NY 11201
$3,328 USD, 1 bed, 1 bath, balkon.

https://media-cloud.corcoranlabs.com/filters:format(webp)/fit-in/1800x1800/filters:format(webp)/fit-in/1224x1224/ListingFullAPI/NewTaxi/10262247/mediarouting.vestahub.com/Media/155774717?w=1920&q=75

About this home
Spacious studio apartment just moments from the A, C, F, 2, 3, B Q & R train lines. Contact a Corcoran New Development Representative today for more information and to schedule a tour.

Experience Maxwell Downtown. Perfectly located in the heart of Brooklyn's most energetic and connected neighborhood, this impressive 40-story glass tower is set to redefine Downtown Brooklyn with a distinctive collection of 227 stylish residences and exceptional lifestyle amenities. Designed by the renowned GF55 Architects, Maxwell has been specifically curated to showcase one of New York's greatest treasures - its iconic views - and is set to become a standout addition to Brooklyn's city center.

Inside, Maxwell Downtown offers a peaceful retreat from the hustle of the city within the studio, one-, and two-bedroom contemporary homes. 

Highlights include:
Oversized windows with complimentary installed roller shades
In-home Whirlpool washer & dryer
Modern kitchens with stainless steel GE appliances and under cabinet lighting
Tranquil bathroom with modern finishes and showers in select homes
Select homes offering exclusive private patios, balconies or a roof terrace
The thoughtful amenities crafted for the busy urbanite offers enhanced relaxation, provides indoor and outdoor work-from-home spaces, and create multiple social & fitness zones. 

This includes:
Indoor Amenities:
State-of-the-art Fitness Center
Top-of-House 40th Floor Clubroom
o Sky Lounge Area
o Co-Working Zone
o Gaming Area
o Movie & Media Area
o Kitchen & Dining Area

Outdoor Amenities:
Outdoor Fitness Terrace
Landscaped Roof Deck with Lounging, BBQs, Dining Areas, and a Viewing Bar
Rooftop Dog Station
Additional Building Highlights and Services:
24 / 7 Attended Lobby
Automated Package Room
Bike Storage
Onsite Building Management
Maxwell Downtown residents will enjoy living in one of the most convenient transportation hubs in Brooklyn as well as some of the premier dining, retail, entertainment and culture NYC has to offer. Located only a block in either direction from the nearby A, C, F, B, Q, R, 2 & 3 train lines, Maxwell Downtown offers undeniably easy access throughout Brooklyn and into Manhattan.

Additional fees may apply for use of amenities

Net rent advertised 

Required Fees To Rent This Unit:
$20 Application Fee per applicant
1st Month's Rent
1 Month's Security Deposit
20-699.22 Total fee disclosure.
a. Every listing related to the rental of residential real property shall disclose in such listing in a clear and conspicuous manner any fee to be paid by the prospective tenant for the rental of such property.
b. Prior to the execution of an agreement for the rental of residential real property, the landlord or landlord's agent shall provide to the tenant an itemized written disclosure of any fees that the tenant must pay to the landlord or to any other person at the direction of the landlord in connection with such rental. Such itemized written disclosure shall include a short description of each fee, and the tenant shall sign any such itemized written disclosure prior to signing an agreement for the rental of such residential real property. The landlord or landlord's agent shall retain the signed written disclosure required by this subdivision for 3 years and shall provide a copy of such signed written disclosure to the tenant.






#2. Properti 2

President Street, Brooklyn, NY 11215
$3,407 USD, Built in 2025,  1 bed, 1 bath.

Expansive studio apartment featuring a private terrace, perfect for relaxing or entertaining outdoors. Featuring modern finishes with a cozy dining nook. Complete with the convenience of an in-unit washer & dryer and large walk in closet offering abundant storage.

Price is Net Effective for a 22 Month Lease. Two Months Free. For a limited time, $1,000 Visa Gift Card to put towards moving expenses. To receive this reward, an application for an apartment must be completed on the same day as a tour. 

key features
Central air
Pet friendly
Washer/dryer
Terrace

app_new_2025.png






#3. Properti 3

Broome Street, Manhattan, NY 10013
SoHo/Nolita
$16,500 USD
4 beds
3 baths
2015 Approx. Sqft
Built in 1900

A 4-BR/3-BA Gem in the Heart of Nolita

Nolita is one of Manhattan's most exclusive neighborhoods known for its picturesque and upscale vibe. This unique residential loft is located in a SoHo Cast Iron Historic District building designed by architect John. T Williams, and built in 1894 with an Indiana limestone, iron, brick, and terra-cotta facade. The building offers a unique blend of rich history and limitless living potential.

The residence opens up to a dramatic space with 12-ft ceilings and a sweeping 2,300 SF, highlighting wide-plank hardwood floors, central air, washer and dryer in unit, and expansive closet space throughout. The oversized windows allow sunlight to flood the unit, and offer impeccable views of SoHo's cobblestone streets and iconic surrounding cast iron buildings. The evening sunset casts an inviting warm glow into the apartment.

The open Chef's Kitchen offers top-of-the-line appliances including a five burner oven range, a vented hood, an under-counter temperature controlled wine refrigerator, and an under-counter microwave. Thoughtfully designed within the custom white cabinetry with gold handles and hex knobs is a fully integrated refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher and ample cabinet storage. The large modern kitchen island complements the elegant kitchen, which seamlessly connects the dining and living area, creating the ideal space for hosting.

The four generous bedrooms offer flexibility. The primary suite features an en-suite bathroom with double vanity, a walk-in shower, and ample closet space. Two additional full bathrooms are crafted with sleek, high-end finishes.

Tucked away from the bustling street of Broadway, the apartment offers privacy, distinctive character, and convenience — moments from SoHo’s world-class shopping, dining, art galleries, nightlife, exclusive clubs like Zero Bond, and multiple subway lines. The high-end and impossible-to-reserve dining spots such as BONDST and Torrisi define the area's upscale and trendy restaurant scene perfect for celebrity spotting. 

Don't miss the opportunity to call a piece of Nolita's historical gems home.

key features
Center island
Den/office
Dining in living room
Dining room
Dishwasher
Dual sinks
Excellent light
Full city view
High ceilings
Laundry room
Modern kitchen
New appliances
Oversized windows
Pet friendly
Renovated
Washer/dryer
Whirlpool bath
Full river view
Doorman
Elevator
Noise reduction windows
Open kitchen
Pass-Through kitchen
Traditional kitchen

Broome-Street.png






#4. Properti 4

Christopher Street, Manhattan, NY 10014
West Village
$5,025 USD
1 bath
430 Approx. Sqft

About this home
Spacious Studio in the heart of West Village - Elevator Building


This studio offers high ceilings with timeless ceiling beams, a large living space with multiple windows, and hardwood floors. The kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances, granite countertops and tiled floor, dishwasher, and window for extra ventilation and sunlight.

The building offers a 24-7 doorman, fitness center, secured mail room, and laundry in building.

Tucked away from the busy Greenwich Ave, this spacious studio is just minutes away from trendy local restaurants and cocktail bars, parks, comedy clubs, designer boutiques, cobblestone streets, multiple subway lines, and historic townhouses that the larger Greenwich Village is known for. 

key features
Dining room
Pet friendly
Doorman
Elevator
Pass-Through kitchen
Traditional kitchen

Christopher-Street.png






#5. Properti 5

250 Mercer Street, B1205
Mercer House, Greenwich Village, Manhattan, NY 10012
$4,200 USD, Built in 1888

About this home
A winning combination of spectacular 11ft ceilings plus oversized windows hosting incredible sweeping city views makes this apartment a must-see. Centrally located in the heart of Greenwich Village, just two blocks away from Washington Square Park, this loft studio is the perfect place to call home. Thoughtfully designed, the primary living space offers plenty of room for seating areas and a dedicated home office, so much natural light will make those work-from-home days even more enjoyable. The elevated sleeping area comfortably fits a queen-size bed, but also offers the flexibility of being a storage space. Gorgeous architectural details harmonize the open space with beamed ceilings, a stunning original concrete column, built-in storage with a sandstone countertop, and a custom glass-blocked wall that carves out a fully functional kitchen.

250 Mercer Street is an idyllic full-service coop with newly renovated common areas. Laundry rooms available for use on the 8th and 15th floors. It offers a full-time doorman/concierge, on-site laundry, and a roof deck. No Pets please.

Please note that neither the landlord nor Landlords Agent will charge or collect fees to a prospective renter in connection with this property except for the following fee:
$350 Application Processing Fee
$125 Background Report Fee (per person)
$200 Corporate Application Processing Fee
$400 Move-In Fee 
$600 Move-Out Deposit (Refundable)
$400 Move-Out Fee
$120 Application Origination Fee

key features
Excellent light
Full city view
Pet friendly
Window A/C
Newly landscaped courtyard
Brand new laundry machines
Common Roof Deck on Building C
Concierge
Doorman
Elevator
Full skyline view
Live in Super
Storage units in the basement
Traditional kitchen


Contact agent
Jill Letts
Jill Letts
Licensed Associate Real Estate Broker
NY 10301207606
Mobile: (917) 407-0480

https://media-cloud.corcoranlabs.com/filters:format(webp)/fit-in/1800x1800/filters:format(webp)/fit-in/1224x1224/ListingFullAPI/NewTaxi/10265513/mediarouting.vestahub.com/Media/156159605?w=1920&q=75





